README.md, before:

# ghidra.fizz

#### Ghidra: Fizz - Signature Maker Plugin

## Brief

This is a simple plugin which can create array of byte signatures for currently selected areas.

## Demo

![][ref-demo]

## Building

Run gradlew.bat

Gradle build outputs can be found in Fizz//dist//ghidra_A.B_PUBLIC_ZZZZYYXX_Fizz.zip

## Installing

1. Download the recent [release][ref-releases]
2. Extract Fizz folder from Zip into GHIDRA_INSTALL_DIR//Ghidra//Extensions//
3. Start Ghidra, a prompt of a new plugin has been found should show
4. Activate prompt and start using

## Hotkeys

- Create a RAW Signature
    - 1 + ALT
- Create Ghidra Signature
    - 2 + ALT
- Create Common Signature
    - 3 + ALT

## Todos

- [x] Added hotkeys on selection
- [x] Added copy on "OK" selection by default
- [x] Added back raw signature support
- [x] Reduced window output size
- [x] Cleaned source code
- [ ] A support into existing Ghidra Instruction Search Plugin

## Resolved Issues

- [x] Context Menu Duplicated hotkeys

## Developer

* ["quosego"][ref-self]

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0 (Apache-2.0)][ref-AP2]. See the [LICENSE.md][ref-lic-path] file for details.

[ref-demo]: ./doc/images/Q6KHnppHFG.gif
[ref-releases]: https://github.com/quosego/ghidra.fizz/releases
[ref-issue]: https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/issues/13
[ref-self]: https://github.com/quosego
[ref-lic-path]: ./LICENSE.md
[ref-AP2]: https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0)

Commit message:

Transitioning into the next development phase.

README.md, after:

# ghidra.fizz

#### Ghidra: Fizz - Signature Maker Plugin

## Brief

This is a simple plugin which can create array of byte signatures for currently selected areas.

## Status

Currently transitioning into a more advanced / modular plugin. The following readme has been changed to support the next release.

For previous / working builds check out the recent [releases][ref-releases].

## Demo

![][ref-demo]

## Building

Run gradlew.bat

Gradle build outputs can be found in Fizz//dist//ghidra_A.B_PUBLIC_ZZZZYYXX_Fizz.zip

## Installing

1. Download the recent [release][ref-releases]
2. Extract Fizz folder from Zip into GHIDRA_INSTALL_DIR//Ghidra//Extensions//
3. Start Ghidra, a prompt of a new plugin has been found should show
4. Activate prompt and start using

## Hotkeys

- Create Ghidra Signature for the Selected Area
    - A + CTRL
- Create Ghidra Signature for the Selected Area's Block
    - B + CTRL
- Create Ghidra Signature for the Selected Area's Function
    - F + CTRL

## Todos

- [x] Migrate FizzSignature to MemorySignature and provide modular capabilities
- [x] Find differences regarding address types when iterating and address appropriately
- [x] Fix signature to support both instructions and data at the same time
- [ ] Add support for finding an instruction block start to end
- [ ] Add support for creating a signature for an instruction block
- [ ] Add support for finding a function start to end
- [ ] Add support for creating a signature for a function

## Developer

* ["quosego"][ref-self]

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0 (Apache-2.0)][ref-AP2]. See the [LICENSE.md][ref-lic-path] file for details.

[ref-demo]: ./doc/images/Q6KHnppHFG.gif
[ref-releases]: https://github.com/quosego/ghidra.fizz/releases
[ref-issue]: https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/issues/13
[ref-self]: https://github.com/quosego
[ref-lic-path]: ./LICENSE.md
[ref-AP2]: https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0)
